Document requiring client authentication (#3492)
akka/akka-http: docs/src/main/paradox/server-side/server-https-support.md

and then create two server bindings for different ports, one with https enabled and one without:

Scala
:  @@snip [HttpsServerExampleSpec.scala](/docs/src/test/scala/docs/http/scaladsl/server/HttpsServerExampleSpec.scala) { #both-https-and-http }

Java
:  @@snip [SimpleServerHttpHttpsApp.java](/akka-http-tests/src/main/java/akka/http/javadsl/server/examples/simple/SimpleServerHttpHttpsApp.java) { #both-https-and-http }

## Mutual authentication

To require clients to authenticate themselves when connecting, you must set this on the `SSLEngine`:

Scala
:  @@snip [HttpsServerExampleSpec.scala](/docs/src/test/scala/docs/http/scaladsl/server/HttpsServerExampleSpec.scala) { #require-client-auth }

Java
:  @@snip [HttpsServerExampleTest.scala](/docs/src/test/java/docs/http/javadsl/server/HttpsServerExampleTest.java) { #require-client-auth }

> For further (custom) certificate checks you can use the `sslSession` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further (custom) certificate checks, you can access the `javax.net.ssl.SSLSession` via the `sslSession` attribute.
```
